Adding eigenvalues for observables (#449)
XanaduAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

> * Added the ``eigvals`` attribute returning the eigenvalues of an Hermitian

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the ``Observable.eigvals`` attribute to return the eigenvalues of observables.
  [#449](https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane/pull/449)
```

>   operator for subclasses of the ``Observable`` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
